.TH ZWM 1
.SH NAME
zwm \- z window manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B zwm
.SH DESCRIPTION
zwm is a tiling window manager for the X window system based on dwm, the
dynamic window manager. It manages windows following a layout system,
who permits to extend the base code quickly and easily. zwm provides
numerous layouts in its default version.

The main layout is the tiling layout. It manages windows into two
distinct parts: the master area and the stacking area.

The master area is the working area and needs to large and clear
enought. The stacking area is a stack of unused windows whom don't need
to have a great visibility. Nevertheless, a new feature of zwm is the
ability to increase the number of windows into the master area,
permitting a quick access very demanded applications.

Unlike dwm, zwm provide a pretty large number of tiling layouts, all
based on the master/stack couple, except the monocle.
The monocle is a fullscreen layout in which only the focused window is
visible, and you get the previous/next window as a caroussel.

zwm is higly configurable and, in a certain way, extensible. The
configuration requires a low-level experience in the C language to edit
its C header file.
This approach permits a very high security in the runtime (no dialog to
the outside) and an good performance (no need to parse a plain text file
or embbed a scripting language engine).

.SH USAGE
To avoid conflicts with numerous of programs, the default modifier in
zwm is not the ALT (Mod1Mask) modifier but the Super (Mod4Mask / Windows
key) modifier.

.SS Keyboard Commands
.TP
.B Mod-Enter
Start xterm(1)
.TP
.B Mod-a
Start dmenu(1)
.TP
.B Mod-Shift-e
Quit zwm
.TP
.B Mod-j
Switch focus to the next window in the workspace
.TP
.B Mod-k
Switch focus to the previous window in the workspace
.TP
.B Mod-Shift-j
Decrease master size (ie: number of windows into the master area)
.TP
.B Mod-Shift-k
Increase master size
.TP
.B Mod-Right
Switch to next layout
.TP
.B Mod-Left
Switch to previous layout
.TP
.B Mod-h
Increase master width
.TP
.B Mod-l
Decrease master width
.TP
.B Mod-space
Switch focused window with the master window.
In case of the focused is the master window, switch with the window right after the master
.TP
.B Mod-Shift-q
Kill the focused window
.TP
.B Mod-n
Switch with the next window
.TP
.B Mod-p
Switch with the previous window
.TP
.B Mod-1..0
Go to the NTH workspace
.TP
.B Mod-Shift-1...0
Send window to the NTH workspace
SH CUSTOMIZATION
To customize zwm you must edit with your favorite editor the config.h
file (C header) and re-compile zwm.

``This keeps it fast, secure and simple.'' - dwm man

.SH SEE ALSO
dmenu(1), dwm(1), X(7)

.SH LINKS
http://souitom.org:4242/trac
http://dwm.suckless.org
http://suckless.org
http://tronche.com
http://sbin.org/doc/Xlib

.SH SPECIAL THANKS TO
suckless, tronche, sbin.org, polar bears (we saved them !) etc.
